귀여 Hundak sushi
And now is to report on the drawback of the election on the track
I would like to ask the Empress to share her opinion
In the eastern-south
and immediately move to the next operation.
Some of them have already taken over the battle of Batam and Bindan of the southern and southern island of Chonan.
They have already completed their new missions.
On the Sumatra island, the ground forces of the Rakka 3rd Corps have taken action.
The ground forces have taken action.
On February 15, the Sumatra island has occupied the territory of the Spanga island,
which is located in the east of the Sumatra island.
The main force is the Musi-gao.
On the same night, they have arrived at the Chikujo Palen Mountain.
They have completely merged with the Rakka 3rd Corps.
They have secured the battle of the same force,
especially the clay-related facilities near the same territory.
The same force has taken part in the southern and western forces.
On February 20, they have arrived at the port of the 24th.
They have occupied the land of the Sumatra and southern islands,
and have occupied the same territory.
They have destroyed the enemy navy of the Sumatra.
The force that has been sent from Palen Bay to the northwest
has advanced 200 km in the sky.
On the 26th, the Sarlang Army will be sent to the northwest
and capture the Umarupongo, which is 120 km northwest.
On March 4, they will be fighting the Jambi.
They have secured the oil and electricity of the same territory.
Next, they will be fighting the Jawa Island.
On February 19, they will capture the Paris Island,
which is in the east of the Jawa Island.